How did you get up?
Is the doctor here to see you?
No, I'm fine.
You've already passed out, how can you be alright?
Thanks for bringing me to the hospital
I'm really fine.
You'd better check it in your case.
If it's because the money is not enough, I can give it to you first.
How can I divorce my daughter?
It turned out that there was a fox spirit outside
such as
If you had already found your next home
It makes me sick.
What are you doing here?
Why didn't you make my wife sick because of you scumbag?
Oh so good
I got divorced when we were together
Do you still have any conscience?
I'm so mad at you that I came to the hospital
You're still thinking about your paycard?
You see, I'll pay if there is no money.
You're still shameless
Just your salary
How much is left after paying off the mortgage and expenses?
If it weren't for our family's break
We're starving to death.
Do you still want a salary card?
It's you who are our door-to-door son-in-law for a day
You are all your life
We will continue to save the salary card.
In addition to paying off the mortgage
The rest is left for my son to buy a house
Ha ha.
Ah!